UNIT FILE                                  STATE    
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static   
-.mount                                    generated
boot.mount                                 generated
dev-hugepages.mount                        static   
dev-mqueue.mount                           static   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static   
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static   
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static   
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static   
tmp.mount                                  disabled 
insights-client-results.path               enabled  
systemd-ask-password********.path          static   
systemd-ask-password********.path         static   
systemd-ask-password********.path             static   
session-7.scope                            transient
arp-ethers.service                         disabled 
atd.service                                enabled  
auditd.service                             enabled  
autovt@.service                            enabled  
blk-availability.service                   disabled 
bolt.service                               static   
chrony-dnssrv@.service                     static   
chrony-wait.service                        disabled 
chronyd.service                            enabled  
cockpit-motd.service                       static   
cockpit-wsinstance-http-redirect.service   static   
cockpit-wsinstance-http.service            static   
cockpit-wsinstance-https-factory@.service  static   
cockpit-wsinstance-https@.service          static   
cockpit.service                            static   
console-getty.service                      disabled 
container-getty@.service                   static   
cpupower.service                           disabled 
crond.service                              enabled  
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service  enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled  
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service     static   
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     enabled  
dbus.service                               static   
debug-shell.service                        disabled 
dm-event.service                           static   
dnf-makecache.service                      static   
dracut-cmdline.service                     static   
dracut-initqueue.service                   static   
dracut-mount.service                       static   
dracut-pre-mount.service                   static   
dracut-pre-pivot.service                   static   
dracut-pre-trigger.service                 static   
dracut-pre-udev.service                    static   
dracut-shutdown.service                    static   
ebtables.service                           disabled 
emergency.service                          static   
firewalld.service                          enabled  
fprintd.service                            static   
frr.service                                disabled 
fstrim.service                             static   
getty@.service                             enabled  
grub-boot-indeterminate.service            static   
halt-local.service                         static   
htcacheclean.service                       static   
httpd.service                              enabled  
httpd@.service                             disabled 
import-state.service                       enabled  
initrd-cleanup.service                     static   
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static   
initrd-switch-root.service                 static   
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static   
insights-client-boot.service               disabled 
insights-client-results.service            static   
insights-client.service                    static   
io.podman.service                          disabled 
iprdump.service                            disabled 
iprinit.service                            disabled 
iprupdate.service                          disabled 
irqbalance.service                         enabled  
iscsi-onboot.service                       enabled  
iscsi-shutdown.service                     static   
iscsi.service                              enabled  
iscsid.service                             disabled 
iscsiuio.service                           disabled 
kdump.service                              enabled  
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static   
kpatch.service                             disabled 
ldconfig.service                           static   
ledmon.service                             disabled 
libstoragemgmt.service                     enabled  
loadmodules.service                        enabled  
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                      static   
lvm2-monitor.service                       enabled  
lvm2-pvscan@.service                       static   
man-db-cache-update.service                static   
mcelog.service                             enabled  
mdadm-grow-continue@.service               static   
mdadm-last-resort@.service                 static   
mdcheck_continue.service                   static   
mdcheck_start.service                      static   
mdmon@.service                             static   
mdmonitor-oneshot.service                  static   
mdmonitor.service                          enabled  
messagebus.service                         static   
microcode.service                          enabled  
mlocate-updatedb.service                   static   
multipathd.service                         enabled  
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled  
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled  
NetworkManager.service                     enabled  
nftables.service                           disabled 
nis-domainname.service                     enabled  
oddjobd.service                            disabled 
packagekit-offline-update.service          static   
packagekit.service                         static   
plymouth-halt.service                      static   
plymouth-kexec.service                     static   
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static   
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static   
plymouth-quit.service                      static   
plymouth-read-write.service                static   
plymouth-reboot.service                    static   
plymouth-start.service                     static   
plymouth-switch-root-initramfs.service     static   
plymouth-switch-root.service               static   
podman-auto-update.service                 disabled 
podman.service                             static   
polkit.service                             static   
psacct.service                             disabled 
qemu-guest-agent.service                   disabled 
quotaon.service                            static   
rc-local.service                           static   
rdisc.service                              disabled 
realmd.service                             static   
rescue.service                             static   
rhnsd.service                              disabled 
rhsm-facts.service                         disabled 
rhsm.service                               disabled 
rhsmcertd.service                          enabled  
rngd-wake-threshold.service                disabled 
rngd.service                               enabled  
rsyslog.service                            enabled  
selinux-autorelabel-mark.service           enabled  
selinux-autorelabel.service                static   
serial-getty@.service                      disabled 
smartd.service                             enabled  
snmpd.service                              disabled 
snmptrapd.service                          disabled 
sshd-keygen@.service                       disabled 
sshd.service                               enabled  
sshd@.service                              static   
sssd-autofs.service                        indirect 
sssd-kcm.service                           indirect 
sssd-nss.service                           indirect 
sssd-pac.service                           indirect 
sssd-pam.service                           indirect 
sssd-ssh.service                           indirect 
sssd-sudo.service                          indirect 
sssd.service                               enabled  
syslog.service                             enabled  
sysstat-collect.service                    static   
sysstat-summary.service                    static   
sysstat.service                            enabled  
system-update-cleanup.service              static   
systemd-ask-password********.service       static   
systemd-ask-password********.service      static   
systemd-ask-password********.service          static   
systemd-backlight@.service                 static   
systemd-binfmt.service                     static   
systemd-coredump@.service                  static   
systemd-exit.service                       static   
systemd-firstboot.service                  static   
systemd-fsck-root.service                  static   
systemd-fsck@.service                      static   
systemd-halt.service                       static   
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static   
systemd-hibernate.service                  static   
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static   
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static   
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static   
systemd-initctl.service                    static   
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service     static   
systemd-journal-flush.service              static   
systemd-journald.service                   static   
systemd-kexec.service                      static   
systemd-localed.service                    static   
systemd-logind.service                     static   
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static   
systemd-modules-load.service               static   
systemd-portabled.service                  static   
systemd-poweroff.service                   static   
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static   
systemd-random-seed.service                static   
systemd-reboot.service                     static   
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static   
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled 
systemd-rfkill.service                     static   
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static   
systemd-suspend.service                    static   
systemd-sysctl.service                     static   
systemd-sysusers.service                   static   
systemd-timedated.service                  masked   
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static   
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static   
systemd-udev-settle.service                static   
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static   
systemd-udevd.service                      static   
systemd-update-done.service                static   
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static   
systemd-update-utmp.service                static   
systemd-user-sessions.service              static   
systemd-vconsole-setup.service             static   
systemd-volatile-root.service              static   
tcsd.service                               disabled 
teamd@.service                             static   
timedatex.service                          enabled  
tuned.service                              enabled  
udisks2.service                            enabled  
unbound-anchor.service                     static   
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static   
user-runtime-dir@.service                  static   
user@.service                              static   
vdo-start-by-dev@.service                  static   
vdo.service                                enabled  
system-cockpithttps.slice                  static   
user.slice                                 static   
cockpit-wsinstance-http-redirect.socket    static   
cockpit-wsinstance-http.socket             static   
cockpit-wsinstance-https-factory.socket    static   
cockpit-wsinstance-https@.socket           static   
cockpit.socket                             enabled  
dbus.socket                                static   
dm-event.socket                            enabled  
httpd.socket                               disabled 
io.podman.socket                           disabled 
iscsid.socket                              enabled  
iscsiuio.socket                            enabled  
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                       enabled  
multipathd.socket                          enabled  
podman.socket                              disabled 
sshd.socket                                disabled 
sssd-autofs.socket                         disabled 
sssd-kcm.socket                            enabled  
sssd-nss.socket                            disabled 
sssd-pac.socket                            disabled 
sssd-pam-priv.socket                       disabled 
sssd-pam.socket                            disabled 
sssd-ssh.socket                            disabled 
sssd-sudo.socket                           disabled 
syslog.socket                              static   
systemd-coredump.socket                    static   
systemd-initctl.socket                     static   
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static   
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static   
systemd-journald.socket                    static   
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static   
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static   
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static   
dev-mapper-rhel_rhel8snap6\x2dswap.swap    generated
basic.target                               static   
bluetooth.target                           static   
boot-complete.target                       static   
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static   
cryptsetup.target                          static   
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled 
default.target                             indirect 
emergency.target                           static   
exit.target                                disabled 
final.target                               static   
getty-pre.target                           static   
getty.target                               static   
graphical.target                           static   
halt.target                                disabled 
hibernate.target                           static   
hybrid-sleep.target                        static   
initrd-fs.target                           static   
initrd-root-device.target                  static   
initrd-root-fs.target                      static   
initrd-switch-root.target                  static   
initrd.target                              static   
iprutils.target                            disabled 
kexec.target                               disabled 
local-fs-pre.target                        static   
local-fs.target                            static   
multi-user.target                          indirect 
network-online.target                      static   
network-pre.target                         static   
network.target                             static   
nss-lookup.target                          static   
nss-user-lookup.target                     static   
paths.target                               static   
poweroff.target                            disabled 
printer.target                             static   
reboot.target                              disabled 
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled 
remote-fs-pre.target                       static   
remote-fs.target                           enabled  
rescue.target                              static   
rpcbind.target                             static   
runlevel0.target                           disabled 
runlevel1.target                           static   
runlevel2.target                           indirect 
runlevel3.target                           indirect 
runlevel4.target                           indirect 
runlevel5.target                           static   
runlevel6.target                           disabled 
selinux-autorelabel.target                 static   
shutdown.target                            static   
sigpwr.target                              static   
sleep.target                               static   
slices.target                              static   
smartcard.target                           static   
sockets.target                             static   
sound.target                               static   
sshd-keygen.target                         static   
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static   
suspend.target                             static   
swap.target                                static   
sysinit.target                             static   
system-update-pre.target                   static   
system-update.target                       static   
time-sync.target                           static   
timers.target                              static   
umount.target                              static   
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                       disabled 
dnf-makecache.timer                        enabled  
fstrim.timer                               disabled 
insights-client.timer                      enabled  
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                   static   
mdcheck_continue.timer                     disabled 
mdcheck_start.timer                        disabled 
mdmonitor-oneshot.timer                    disabled 
mlocate-updatedb.timer                     disabled 
podman-auto-update.timer                   disabled 
sysstat-collect.timer                      enabled  
sysstat-summary.timer                      enabled  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static   
unbound-anchor.timer                       enabled  

338 unit files listed.
